feature: make observability API accessible without auth (#125)
eclipse-tractusx/tractusx-edc: edc-extensions/observability-api-customization/README.md

# Observability API customization

This extension is a (temporary) replacement for - and a 1:1 stand-in for the EDC `observability-api` module. It exposes
the same endpoints as the upstream module, with one important distinction: users can configure in which HTTP context the
API gets registered, and whether or not insecure (= unauthenticated) access is allowed.

## Default behaviour

If no additional configuration is done, the Observability API is registered into the `"management"` context of EDC.
That means the following configuration values **must be present**

```
web.http.management.port=<PORT>
web.http.management.path=/some/api/path
```

> Further, the ObservabilityApi is secured with the default `AuthenticationService`, most likely a token-based one.

Reviewer: We should keep only one writing style
```suggestion
Further, the Observability API is secured with the default `AuthenticationService`, most likely a token-based one.
```

## Allowing insecure access

If the Observability API should be unauthenticated, the following configuration is required:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```properties
```
